# Demo Applications for offshore wind inspection
Includes the Unity project files for two applications shown at the demonstrations during AUTONOMOUS ROBOT ASSET INSPECTION IN THE ENERGY INDUSTRY. The demos included an augmented reality inspection of a wind turbine blade. Users are tasked with finding faults/damage on the blade and identifying the fault based on pictures shown to them. Their job is to complete the inspection as quickly and effectively as possible to ensure the cost of maintenance stays down. The second demo was a UI based application where the user is provided information from an inspection, the inspection could be from either a human or an autonomous system, and their job is to make decisions based on the actionable data provided to them. Both demos may not truly reflect the costs or operations which occur in industry, the job of the demos is to invoke discussion and ideas about available technologies and the possible methods for inspection and data processing/management.

Within the project there are two main scenes, the AR scene (updated) and the UI scene. Both scenes can be built to an android device running android >=7.0 and having AR Core available. The UI scene does not require any AR Core capabilities or an exceptionally modern android version, the build requirements can be changed in the player settings before building to the device. I hadn't changed this because I was in a rush during development and didn't want to create two separate projects.

The builds folder contains .apk files which can be installed onto any suitable device ready for demonstrations. Please note that these apps were not developed with the intention of running on different devices. Some of the layout for the HUD and UI made use of my tablet's aspect ratio (16:9), I tried to make sure UI elements were anchored to screen edges and centres but sizes may look awkward on different aspect ratio devices.
